# Totally Mad-Libz

This website will serve the purpose of providing a platform and game for creating Mad Libs stories - these being stories generated by users providing a number of words as inputs, which will
then be rendered into a story template with the inputs placed in random places in the story. This should aim to induce feelings of fun and humour for users. Mad lib stories generated will be saved
in the library, where it can be compared with others in terms of upvoting entries that users find most entertaining. Users would also have the option to edit and delete the entries they created should they desire to.
By having such an application available, it could provide fun for dinner parties and social gatherings, both physical and virtual. Inspiration for this idea
has mainly come from the recent need for people needing new ways to entertain themselves indoors during the covid-19 situation. 

### Developer's goals:
* To display his skills in creating a game-like application for his portfolio that is feasible to create within a limited amount of time
* To spread joy to any degree within society during a difficult time for everyone
* To build an exciting application for the developer's portfolio, this being an idea he'll want to develop further in the future

### Goals of users:
* To have a new game and application that can entertain and humour them
* To have an easy-to-use tool for users to include another fun activity for party/social gathering situations, both physical and virtual

## UX

### Ideal User

#### Users visiting my website would be:
* From anyone in the world
* English speaking
* Enjoy social games

#### Users on my website will want to:
* Get inspiration for an activity to include at a social event/party
* Run the game effectively in a fun way
* Have an easy-to-understand user experience

#### Why this website is a great solution:
* Currently the majority of online mad lib generators can be confusing and/or have an outdated design for the modern era of web design, a factor in itself that can disenchant people seeking this kind of application.
* As mentioned above, at the tme of developing this project, we are dealing with the difficult situation of covid-19, requiring/strongly recommending people to stay indoors. With this has come the struggle for people to socially interact and have fun in new ways - predominately virtually
* This solution can provide an entertaining activity for individuals and/or groups, especailly in these times where adding this to virtual social interactions can provde extra entertainment and humour to share with others

### User Stories
1. As a new visitor to the website, I want it to be very clear as to what the purpose of the website is
2. As a user new to the mad lib concept, I want information about this presented early and clearly during the experience
3. As a new user to the website, I want to be able to get started quickly in creating my own mad lib
4. As a new user to the website, I want to be able to navigate myself easily to different paets of the website
5. As a new user to the website, I want to be able to easily see previously generated mad lib entries
6. As a new user/returning to the website, I want to be able to get in touch with the site owner to suggest new themes for the mad lib generator
7. As a new/returning user to the website, I want to be able to not only read my mad lib entries, but to also be able to edit and delete these if I so please
8. As a new/returning user, I want to be the only one who can edit and delete my mad lib entries through apporpriate user authentication

## Design Choices
My design choices were motivated by wanting to create a website that felt both fun but at the same time give it the look and feel that it would be for adults. I wanted the website to be easy to use and navigate across as well as create positive/humorous experiences for users. The choices I made included the following:

### Themes and snippets

- To help build my HTML and CSS styling efficiently with a professional look, I used the Start Bootstrap theme of One Page Wonder. I chose this theme to kick off my website and it’s landing page (pre-logged in stage) due to the simple and fun response it gives. Since the website aims for simplicity too, I deemed it appropriate to find a theme that would suit a one page style that I could look to repeat across all my HTML pages. The theme also provides attractive positioning of images, something I felt was important in order to grab the user’s attention in a positive manner. The fonts included here of Lato and Catamaran provide impactful but fun text to help engage users further (especially Catamaran for engaging headers).

- For my login, register and insert-words pages I used a Start Bootstrap snippet as inspiration to build simple built elegant forms, these being customized further with button styles and formatting from the One Page Wonder theme

- For the footer I’ve placed in the base.html file I used a footer from a previous project of mine (my Code Institute Milestone Project 1), customizing the content and styling slightly in order to give relevance to it in relation to the website. This footer was used for inspiration purely due to simplicity, which is part of the website’s aims.

### Colours
As a starting point, and perhaps subjective opinion of the developer, the project would get inspiration from two sources:
- The use of an orange colour, which can be associated with energy/fun, which could be used as a starting point for building the colour palette. Through using Coolers, I generated the colour scheme visualised below that I would take inspiration from for the different colours I would use:

(add image)

- Making sure I had a hero/background image that would match both the website’s theme of humour as well as the colour scheme decided upon. This led to using the image visualised below:

(add image)
